Add awslambda deployment BBG (#1)
ballerina-guides/ballerina-awslambda-deployment: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ballerina-guides/ballerina-awslambda-deployment.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ballerina-guides/ballerina-awslambda-deployment)

# Ballerina AWS Lambda Deployment

> [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) allows you to deploy your code without explicit provisioning or managing servers. This serverless framework works in a way that, you pay only for the time your code is running, so there is no money wasted with idling resources. The AWA Lambda functions can be invoked through events emitting through various services in AWS, such as S3 and SQS. Also, it is possible to invoke it directly using an exposed API through an API gateway.

Reviewer: [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) allows you to deploy your code without provisioning or managing servers explicitly.

With this serverless framework, you pay only for the time your code is running so that there is no money wasted on idling resources. The AWA Lambda functions can be invoked through events that are emitted via various services in AWS such as S3 and SQS. Also, it is possible to invoke them directly using an API, which is exposed through an API gateway.

Author: Thanks!, updated with the suggestion.

> > In this guide you will learn about how to deploy Ballerina functions as AWS lambda functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this guide you will learn how to deploy Ballerina functions as AWS Lambda functions.
```

> The following are the sections available in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide consists of the below sections.
```

> - [What you'll build](#what-youll-build)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [What you will build](#what-you-will-build)
```
It is a best practice to not use shortened forms in technical writing.

Author: Yes, true, I got the basic template from other BBGs in https://ballerina.io/learn/by-guide/. We may have to fix this in all others also.

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Implementation](#implementation)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Observability](#observability)

## What you’ll build 

> In this guide, you will build a Ballerina based AWS Lambda function which listens to events from a specific S3 bucket in order to detect new object creation. This bucket is used to upload images by various sources, and the job of the lambda is to check if the images have any text, and if so, extract the text from the document, and send an email with the extracted text to the administrator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will build a Ballerina-based AWS Lambda function, which listens to events from a specific S3 bucket in order to detect new object creations. This bucket is used to upload images via various sources. The job of the Lambda function is to check if the images have any text, and if so, extract the text from the document, and send an email with the extracted text to the administrator. 
```

![Ballerina AWS Lambda Deployment](images/ballerina-aws-lambda.svg "Ballerina AWS Lambda Deployment")

## Compatibility
| Ballerina Language Version | 
| -------------------------- | 
| 0.990.3                    |

## Prerequisites
 
- [Ballerina Distribution](https://ballerina.io/learn/getting-started/)
- A Text Editor or an IDE 
> **Tip**: For a better development experience, install one of the following Ballerina IDE plugins: [VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ballerina.ballerina), [IntelliJ IDEA](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9520-ballerina)

> - Sign up for an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account
```

> - Install and configure [AWS CLI Tools](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/getting-started-configure-cli.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS CLI Tools (installed and configured)
>**Tip:** For instructions, go to [AWS Documentation].(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/getting-started-configure-cli.html)
```

### AWS Access/Secret Key Generation

> Now having an active AWS account. You will need to create an access key / secret key pair. The instruction in doing this can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html). Note down the access key and the secret key in a secured place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create an access key / secret key pair for the active AWS account you have.  
For instructions, go to [Managing Access Keys for IAM Users](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html). 

>**Note:** Copy and keep the access key and the secret key in a secured location. 
```

### AWS Lambda Role Generation

> - Open the [roles](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#/roles) page in the IAM console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [roles](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#/roles) page in the IAM console.
```

> - Select "Create role".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Create role**.
```

> - Create roles with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create roles using the below properties:
```

>   * Trusted entity - Lambda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Trusted entity** - Lambda
```

>   * Permissions - AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Permissions** - AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole
```

>   * Role name - lambda-role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Role name:** lambda-role
```

### Obtaining Tokens for the GMail Connector

> - The steps on how to get access to the tokens can be found in the Gmail connector [documentation](https://central.ballerina.io/wso2/gmail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to get access to the tokens, go to [Gmail Connector documentation](https://central.ballerina.io/wso2/gmail).
```

## Implementation

> As the first step, you can build the basic skeleton that is needed for Ballerina to expose as AWS Lambda functions. Let's name the file `image-text-processor.bal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to implement AWS lambda functions.
1. Build the basic skeleton that is needed to expose Ballerina functions as AWS Lambda functions. Let's name the file `image-text-processor.bal`.
```

```ballerina
import ballerinax/awslambda;

@awslambda:Function
public function processImages(awslambda:Context ctx, json input) returns json|error {
    return "OK";
}
```

> In Ballerina, any function can be exposed as an AWS Lambda function, by annotating a function which has a similar function signature as the above function with `awslambda:Function`. The `awslambda:Context` object contains contextual information on the current execution, such as the request id, tracing information, and the remaining execution time. The payload is passed as a `json` value in the `input` variable, and the function can return a `json` as a response, or else an `error` can be returned to signal an error situation to the Lambda runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ballerina, any function can be exposed as an AWS Lambda function by annotating its signature with `awslambda:Function`. The `awslambda:Context` object contains contextual information of the current execution such as the request ID, tracing information, and the remaining execution time. 

The payload is passed as a `json` value via the `input` variable. The function can return a `json` as a response, or else an `error` can be returned to signal of an error situation to the Lambda runtime. 
```

Author: You don't say annotating its signature, that is not technically correct. Let me incorporate the other changes suggested.

> In the next step, you will be updating the code to extract the S3 object information retrieved by the Lambda function. Here, according to the input S3 event payload structure, we have extracted the bucket, object name and the version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the code to extract the S3 object information retrieved by the Lambda function. In the below example, the bucket, object name, and the version are extracted according to the payload structure of the input S3 event. 
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/system;
import ballerinax/awslambda;

@awslambda:Function
public function processImages(awslambda:Context ctx, json input) returns json|error {
   int count = input.Records.length();
   int i = 0;
   while (i < count) {
       string bucket = <string> input.Records[i].s3.bucket.name;
       string name = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].key;
       string objVersion = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].versionId;
       i = i + 1;
   }
   return "OK";
}
```

> The next step is to invoke the Amazon Rekognition service to examine the image for text, and if there is any, extract the text that is there in the image. Here, you can see how the Amazon Rekognition connector is initiazed with the user credentials and the optional Amazon region setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Invoke the Amazon Rekognition service to examine the image and extract any text that is there in it.
In the below example, the Amazon Rekognition Connector is initialized with the user credentials, and the Amazon `region` setting, which is optional. 
```

```ballerina
import wso2/amazoncommons;
import wso2/amazonrekn;
import ballerina/system;
import ballerinax/awslambda;

amazonrekn:Configuration config = {
    accessKey: system:getEnv("AMAZON_ACCESS_KEY"),
    secretKey: system:getEnv("AMAZON_SECRET_KEY"),
    region: "us-west-2"
};

amazonrekn:Client reknClient = new(config);

@awslambda:Function
public function processImages(awslambda:Context ctx, json input) returns json|error {
   int count = input.Records.length();
   int i = 0;
   while (i < count) {
       string bucket = <string> input.Records[i].s3.bucket.name;
       string name = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].key;
       string objVersion = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].versionId;
       amazoncommons:S3Object obj = { bucket: bucket, name: name, objVersion: objVersion };
       amazonrekn:Label[] labels = check reknClient->detectLabels(obj);
       foreach amazonrekn:Label label in labels {
           if (label.name == "Text") {
               string result = check reknClient->detectText(obj);
               break;
           }
       }
       i = i + 1;
   }
   return "OK";
}
```

> The final step is to gather up the information and send an email to the administrator if there are any text content in the uploaded images. For this we will be using the Ballerina GMail connector. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If there are any text content in the uploaded images, collect that information and send an email to the administrator using the Ballerina GMail Connector. 
```

       string name = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].key;
       string objVersion = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].versionId;
       amazoncommons:S3Object obj = { bucket: bucket, name: name, objVersion: objVersion };
       amazonrekn:Label[] labels = check reknClient->detectLabels(obj);
       foreach amazonrekn:Label label in labels {
           if (label.name == "Text") {
               string result = check reknClient->detectText(obj);
               check sendEmail(obj, result);
               break;
           }
       }
       i = i + 1;
   }
   return "OK";
}

public function sendEmail(amazoncommons:S3Object obj, string text) returns error? {
    string id = check string.convert(check json.convert(obj));
    gmail:MessageRequest messageRequest = {};
    messageRequest.recipient = "admin@example.com";
    messageRequest.sender = "admin@example.com";
    messageRequest.subject = "Detected Text in Image at " + id;
    messageRequest.messageBody = text;
    messageRequest.contentType = gmail:TEXT_PLAIN;
    _ = check gmailClient->sendMessage("me", messageRequest);
    io:println("Email sent, image: ", id);
}
```

> NOTE: replace the `recipient` and `sender` values in the GMail message request properties accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Replace the `recipient` and `sender` values of the properties in the GMail message request accordingly.
```

> Now that we have the full Ballerina code, we can go to the next step in deploying it as an AWS Lambda function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can deploy this Ballerina code you completed as an AWS Lambda function.
```

## Deployment

### Building the Ballerina Source

```bash
$ ballerina build image-text-processor.bal 
Compiling source
    image-text-processor.bal
Generating executable
    image-text-processor.balx
	@awslambda:Function: processImages

	The Ballerina AWS Lambda layer information can be found at https://ballerina.io/deployment/aws-lambda.

	Run the following commands to deploy each Ballerina AWS Lambda function:
	aws lambda create-function --function-name <FUNCTION_NAME> --zip-file fileb://aws-ballerina-lambda-functions.zip --handler image-text-processor.<FUNCTION_NAME> --runtime provided --role <LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN> --timeout 10 --memory-size 1024
	aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name <FUNCTION_NAME> --layers <BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>

	Run the following command to re-deploy an updated Ballerina AWS Lambda function:
	aws lambda update-function-code --function-name <FUNCTION_NAME> --zip-file fileb://aws-ballerina-lambda-functions.zip
```

> The above command builds the Ballerina source, and the compiler, via the AWS Lambda extension, injects special functionality needed to execute it as an AWS Lambda function. The output of this is a file named `aws-ballerina-lambda-functions.zip`, which is the artifact that will be submitted to AWS Lambda. In the build process, it prints out the processed list of Lambda functions after the text "@awslambda:Function:"; Here, we only have the function `processImages`. These function names must be used in the placeholder `<FUNCTION_NAME>` in the given commands. Also, another placeholder that we will have to replace would be the `<LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN>`, which is the ARN of the earlier generated role `lambda-role`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command builds the Ballerina source and the compiler via the AWS Lambda extension and injects the special functionality needed to execute it as an AWS Lambda function. The output of this is a file named `aws-ballerina-lambda-functions.zip`, which is the artifact that will be submitted to AWS Lambda.

During the build process, it prints the processed list of Lambda functions after the text "@awslambda:Function:". In this example, the only function that is there is `processImages`. These function names must be used in the placeholder `<FUNCTION_NAME>` in the given commands. Also, another placeholder that will have to be replaced would be the `<LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN>`, which is the ARN of the earlier-generated role `lambda-role`.
```

> Also, there is another placeholder named `<BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>`, which is the ARN of the Ballerina runtime layer. There will be a Ballerina runtime layer for each Ballerina release, thus, the specific `<BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>` should be looked up from the table available at [https://ballerina.io/deployment/aws-lambda](https://ballerina.io/deployment/aws-lambda).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>` placeholder is the ARN of the Ballerina runtime layer. There will be a Ballerina runtime layer for each Ballerina release. Thus, the specific `<BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>` should be looked up from the table available in the [AWS Lambda Guide] (https://ballerina.io/deployment/aws-lambda).
```

> With the above placeholder values at hand, we can start to deploy the function we have developed. This consists of running the `aws lambda create-function` and the `aws lambda update-function-configuration` commands to finish the deployment. Below contains sample build commands for deploying the `processImages` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy the function after replacing the above placeholder values. You need to execute the `aws lambda create-function` and `aws lambda update-function-configuration` commands to deploy it. See below for the sample build commands for deploying the `processImages` function.
```

    "Role": "arn:aws:iam::908363916138:role/lambda-role", 
    "Timeout": 10, 
    "LastModified": "2019-02-02T00:28:02.658+0000", 
    "Handler": "image-text-processor.processImages", 
    "Runtime": "provided", 
    "Description": ""
}

$ aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name processImages --layers arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:908363916138:layer:ballerina-0_990_3-runtime:19
{
    "Layers": [
        {
            "CodeSize": 175675006, 
            "Arn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:908363916138:layer:ballerina-0_990_3-runtime:19"
        }
    ], 
    "FunctionName": "processImages", 
    "LastModified": "2019-02-02T00:30:55.803+0000", 
    "RevisionId": "7637cae8-703b-489a-87af-ecdae62b1816", 
    "MemorySize": 1024, 
    "Version": "$LATEST", 
    "Role": "arn:aws:iam::908363916138:role/lambda-role", 
    "Timeout": 10, 
    "Runtime": "provided", 
    "TracingConfig": {
        "Mode": "PassThrough"
    }, 
    "CodeSha256": "lwg8/90iroOzc5fFYU4Fp9r9CpMnsWgx2xOPekldHdA=", 
    "Description": "", 
    "CodeSize": 41462, 
    "FunctionArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:908363916138:function:processImages", 
    "Handler": "image-text-processor.processImages"
}
```

> ### Updating Connector Credential Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updating Connector Credentials
```

Author: Yes, that looks simpler and better.

> The credentials for the Amazon Rekognize and GMail connectors can be provided by setting environment variables for the target AWS Lambda function. The following command demonstrates this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the below command, to provide the credentials of the Amazon Rekognize and GMail connectors by setting environment variables for the target AWS Lambda function.
```

```bash
aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name processImages --environment "Variables={AMAZON_ACCESS_KEY=AXXXJKKK,AMAZON_SECRET_KEY=/XXXAAAA,GMAIL_CLIENTID=AAAXXXX.apps.googleusercontent.com,GMAIL_CLIENTSECRET=XXXXAAAAXXXXBBBBBBBXXXXX,GMAIL_REFRESHTOKEN=XXXXOFFXXXXX,GMAIL_ACCESSTOKEN=XXXX.XXX}"
```

> Fill in the environment variables values with your own API credentials. The above updates can also be done using the AWS Lambda web console, by navigating to the respective function's configuration page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>*Tip:**Replace the values of the environment variable with your own API credentials. Alternatively, you can do this via the AWS Lambda web Console by navigating to the configuration page of the respective function. 
```

Author: This is more of a "Note", will add your suggestion as a "Note" section.

> Now the Ballerina AWS Lambda function `processImages` is fully deployed and configured to be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, the Ballerina AWS Lambda function `processImages` is fully deployed and configured to be used. 
```

## Testing 

> We will be triggering our `processImages` function using events generated from an S3 bucket. Users will be uploading images to a specific bucket, and we will configure this bucket to send events to our lambda function when new objects are added. A guide on enabling event notifications for an S3 bucket can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/enable-event-notifications.html). In configuring this, under events, you should chose "All object create events", and for the notification destination, select "Lambda Function" and select our `processImages` as the target function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `processImages` function will be triggered through events generated from an S3 bucket. 

Users will be uploading images to a specific bucket, and this bucket is configured to send events to the Lambda function when new objects are added. 

A guide on enabling event notifications for an S3 bucket can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/enable-event-notifications.html). In configuring this, under events, you should chose "All object create events", and for the notification destination, select "Lambda Function" and select our `processImages` as the target function. 
```

> Now, we can simply upload an image with some text to the configured S3 bucket ([example]((https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/Atomist_quote_from_Democritus.png)), and you should be able to get an email similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload an image with some text to the configured S3 bucket example, and you will receive an email similar to the following:
(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/Atomist_quote_from_Democritus.png)
```

Author: The example is the image input given, it's not a "bucket example". I will keep the image link as it is and update rest of the sentence as suggested.

```
Subject: "Detected Text in Image at {"objVersion":"F6ABgbf8DRTpsXDPOsj528dsdqdvNbFM", "bucket":"mybucket", "name":"input.jpeg"}"

Content:-

NOTHING
EXISTS
EXCEPT
ATOMS
AND EMPTY
SPACE.
Everything else
is opinion.
```

## Observability 

> Amazon CloudWatch can be used to monitor your Lambda functions. It provides support for metrics, log analytics, and many more features for observability. This information can be found under the "Monitoring" tab at the AWS Lambda console's function page. Below contains a snapshot of the monitoring information shown for the `processImages` function after some brief usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon CloudWatch can be used to monitor your Lambda functions. It provides support for metrics, log analytics, and many more features for observability. This information can be found under the **Monitoring** tab in the page of the respective function of the AWS Lambda Console. See below for a snapshot of the information collected via monitoring the `processImages` function after a brief usage of it:
```

## Compatibility
| Ballerina Language Version | 
| -------------------------- | 
| 0.990.3                    |

## Prerequisites
 
- [Ballerina Distribution](https://ballerina.io/learn/getting-started/)
- A Text Editor or an IDE 
> **Tip**: For a better development experience, install one of the following Ballerina IDE plugins: [VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ballerina.ballerina), [IntelliJ IDEA](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9520-ballerina)
- Sign up for an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account
- Install and configure [AWS CLI Tools](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/getting-started-configure-cli.html)

### AWS Access/Secret Key Generation

Now having an active AWS account. You will need to create an access key / secret key pair. The instruction in doing this can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html). Note down the access key and the secret key in a secured place. 

### AWS Lambda Role Generation

- Open the [roles](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#/roles) page in the IAM console.

> - Select "Create role"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select "Create role".
```

- Create roles with the following properties:
  * Trusted entity - Lambda
  * Permissions - AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole
  * Role name - lambda-role

### Obtaining Tokens for the GMail Connector

> - The steps on how to get access to the tokens can be found in the Gmail connector [documentation](https://central.ballerina.io/wso2/gmail)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The steps on how to get access to the tokens can be found in the Gmail connector [documentation](https://central.ballerina.io/wso2/gmail).
```

In the next step, you will be updating the code to extract the S3 object information retrieved by the Lambda function. Here, according to the input S3 event payload structure, we have extracted the bucket, object name and the version. 

```ballerina
import ballerina/system;
import ballerinax/awslambda;

@awslambda:Function
public function processImages(awslambda:Context ctx, json input) returns json|error {
   int count = input.Records.length();
   int i = 0;
   while (i < count) {
       string bucket = <string> input.Records[i].s3.bucket.name;
       string name = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].key;
       string objVersion = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].versionId;
       i = i + 1;
   }
   return "OK";
}
```

The next step is to invoke the Amazon Rekognition service to examine the image for text, and if there is any, extract the text that is there in the image. Here, you can see how the Amazon Rekognition connector is initiazed with the user credentials and the optional Amazon region setting. 

```ballerina

> import wso2/amazonrekn;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import wso2/amazoncommons;
```

> import wso2/amazoncommons;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import wso2/amazonrekn;
```

import ballerina/system;
import ballerinax/awslambda;

amazonrekn:Configuration config = {
    accessKey: system:getEnv("AMAZON_ACCESS_KEY"),
    secretKey: system:getEnv("AMAZON_SECRET_KEY"),
    region: "us-west-2"
};

amazonrekn:Client reknClient = new(config);

@awslambda:Function
public function processImages(awslambda:Context ctx, json input) returns json|error {
   int count = input.Records.length();
   int i = 0;
   while (i < count) {
       string bucket = <string> input.Records[i].s3.bucket.name;
       string name = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].key;
       string objVersion = <string> input.Records[i].s3["object"].versionId;
       amazoncommons:S3Object obj = { bucket: bucket, name: name, objVersion: objVersion };
       amazonrekn:Label[] labels = check reknClient->detectLabels(obj);
       boolean text = false;
       foreach amazonrekn:Label label in labels {
           if (label.name == "Text") {

>                text = true;

Reviewer 2: Cant we directly add `string result = check reknClient->detectText(obj);` here since we don't seem to do any additional processing of the result?

Might be applicable to https://github.com/ballerina-guides/ballerina-awslambda-deployment/pull/1/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R175 as well.

Author: That's true, thanks for the suggestion.

               break;
           }
       }
       if (text) {
           string result = check reknClient->detectText(obj);
       }
       i = i + 1;
   }
   return "OK";
}
```

The final step is to gather up the information and send an email to the administrator if there are any text content in the uploaded images. For this we will be using the Ballerina GMail connector. 

```ballerina

> import wso2/amazonrekn;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import wso2/amazoncommons;
```

> import wso2/amazoncommons;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import wso2/amazonrekn;
```

Also, there is another placeholder named `<BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>`, which is the ARN of the Ballerina runtime layer. There will be a Ballerina runtime layer for each Ballerina release, thus, the specific `<BALLERINA_LAYER_ARN>` should be looked up from the table available at [https://ballerina.io/deployment/aws-lambda](https://ballerina.io/deployment/aws-lambda).

With the above placeholder values at hand, we can start to deploy the function we have developed. This consists of running the `aws lambda create-function` and the `aws lambda update-function-configuration` commands to finish the deployment. Below contains sample build commands for deploying the `processImages` function.

> - Deploying to AWS Lambda

Reviewer 2: I think this will look better if we can make this a sub-title.

Author: Yes, true, thanks for the suggestion.

    "Role": "arn:aws:iam::908363916138:role/lambda-role", 
    "Timeout": 10, 
    "LastModified": "2019-02-02T00:28:02.658+0000", 
    "Handler": "image-text-processor.processImages", 
    "Runtime": "provided", 
    "Description": ""
}

$ aws lambda update-function-configuration --function-name processImages --layers arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:908363916138:layer:ballerina-0_990_3-runtime:19
{
    "Layers": [
        {
            "CodeSize": 175675006, 
            "Arn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:908363916138:layer:ballerina-0_990_3-runtime:19"
        }
    ], 
    "FunctionName": "processImages", 
    "LastModified": "2019-02-02T00:30:55.803+0000", 
    "RevisionId": "7637cae8-703b-489a-87af-ecdae62b1816", 
    "MemorySize": 1024, 
    "Version": "$LATEST", 
    "Role": "arn:aws:iam::908363916138:role/lambda-role", 
    "Timeout": 10, 
    "Runtime": "provided", 
    "TracingConfig": {
        "Mode": "PassThrough"
    }, 
    "CodeSha256": "lwg8/90iroOzc5fFYU4Fp9r9CpMnsWgx2xOPekldHdA=", 
    "Description": "", 
    "CodeSize": 41462, 
    "FunctionArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:908363916138:function:processImages", 
    "Handler": "image-text-processor.processImages"
}
```

> - Updating Connector Credential Environment Variables

Reviewer 2: I think it is better if we can make this a sub-title.

Author: Yes, true, thanks for the suggestion.
